The next release of MyJSQLView is in the works and has been seen the release
of Version 3.17 in May. Normally a break occurs after a release, but almost
immediately one of the tasks left over from that version announcement was
implemented. The task was to upgrade the code to the Java 1.5 API. As the
project manager I felt it was no longer justifiable to have the code not more
up to date with the latest Java runtime. A few years ago I would said that many
people still had older systems that could not be upgraded to the latest Java
runtime because of their operating systems. Now I believe and the MyJSQLView
web site's statistics bear this out that Linux is user friendly enough for
users to upgrade those older systems. As a user of computer systems for many
years now I even updated one of my older i586 Pentium 90Mz systems with one
of my favorite flavors of Linux this development cycle. The system has been
used as a CVS repository for the MyJSQLView code and some other development
platform activity and was beginning to lack some of the latest libraries.
The upgrade went suprising smooth and that machine is now purring away over
in the corner.

Now I would like to apologize to perhaps some of the users of the MyJSQLView
program in Indonesia and maybe some other countries. With the release of
MyJSQLView v3.17 came i18n, internationalization support for languages other
than English. It appears some of the translation files may have been incorrect
so bear with us the next release hopefully will have this all ironed out.
That should not be to long because the next version of the program should
be available for update by next month.

Other news and information has too do with the Plugin Module environment.
Check the web site because an introductory tutorial is now posted with two
example plugins. Granted the first is just a panel to explain to developers
how to get a plugin module installed, but the second is a little more
advanced because it actually connects to the database to do a record count
on a selected table. Expect more tutorials to come in the future and in the
meantime one may also review the Table Field Profiler code which shows one
what can be done with a plugin. The MyJSQLView project will mainly be using
the plugin environment in the future to add almost all major enhancements
to the application in the form of reports and BI, business intelligence,
algorithms that can be applied to the database data.

Dana M. Proctor
MyJSQLView Project Manager