   The development for the next release of MyJSQLView has solidified into
a set of tasks to be accomplished. The task list is surprising short as
compared to prior release cycle undertakings. The main reason for this is
the lack of additional work that really needs to be performed on the core
architecture of the the application. The list of tasks only has three
items that have to due with the main applications code. The rest, seven,
are either reviewing visualization and data mining programs or plugin work.
The latter has been in progress for the last month with the result of a
multi-variable false color plotter, heat mapper. The image shown here with
this news release is a screen shot of the preliminary work with that plugin
for a data set of ocean temperatures. The plugin will be provided as a
default tab with the next release of MyJSQLView.

   The work with the false color plotter plugin has been a very critical
task with the MyJSQLView application. Just like MyJSQLView's first full
feature plugin, the Table Field Profiler, the mapper has several key
features that have to do with data and the way the main application helps
with willowing. The Query Bucket for MyJSQLView is the central interface
that has been setup to allow users to save and create queries that may
then be dropped into a plugin for execution. With that comes the need to
allow a method for storing data temporarily from a query of the database.
After review of several memory options it has pretty much been decided to
use SQLite in either file or memory storage mode for temporary storage.
Implemented properly users should be able to store data locally for
access rather than from a database. The efficiency and performance
increase for analyzing data through a plugin being the desired goal here.

   The release of the next version of MyJSQLView should take place by the
end of January next year. So far no major bugs have been discovered or
reported with the last release of MyJSQLView beside some immutable string
problems with the Query Bucket. The link below provides a larger screenshot
of the application with the false color plotter of ocean temperatures for
those interested.

Ocean Temperatures Screenshot

Dana M. Proctor
MyJSQLView Project Manager

   MyJSQLView provides an easy to use Java based user interface frontend for
viewing, adding, editing, or deleting entries in the HSQL, MSAccess, MySQL,
Oracle, PostgreSQL, and SQLite databases. A query frame allows the building
of complex SQL statements. The application allows easy sorting, searching,
and import/export of table data.