MyJSQLView Version 3.26 Released

The MyJSQLView project is pleased to provide the release of Version
3.26 to the public. The release is minor in nature with changes mainly
involving the modularization of core aspects of the architecture for
login and connection code. An addition was also made to the Preferences
Menu system for allowing the selection of the date format display.
In that regard the application will now perform searches with the
selected default date format. A number of other minor changes were
accomplished that should enhance the visual aspect of certain parts
of the application's interface.

With the release of v3.26 of the MyJSQLView application the group
would like to notify the PostgreSQL community of changes in that 
organization's database and JDBC with version 9.0X that make prior
versions of MyJSQLView non-functional. Please update MyJSQLView to
v3.26 if you are using the latest release of PostgreSQL. A Report of
the problem has been given specifically to the JDBC forum and has
been addressed, but no new version of the JDBC has been issued as
of the date of this news release.

Users should also note that the changes in code for the login and
connection management with v3.26 make prior plugins to this incompatible.
A great deal of efforted was taken to try and make the initial plugin
architecture stable and fixed, but sometimes even carefully conceived
thought processes are lay to waste. With that note we have updated
the tutorials at the Website to facilitate plugin development. The
MyJSQLView group would like also to take this opportunity to inform
the community that the next release of the application should be forth
coming soon. This release of MyJSQLView was in small part stagnated
because of a great deal of reflection that was taken on what needs to
be done with the application to make it more versatile. Many hours
were spent reviewing similar tools, vendors, and articles to scope
the next stages of MyJSQLView. 
 

Dana M. Proctor
MyJSQLView Project Manager

MyJSQLView provides an easy to use Java based user interface
frontend for viewing, adding, editing, or deleting entries in
the HSQL, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, and SQLite databases. A
query frame allows the building of complex SELECT SQL statements.
The application allows easy sorting, searching, and import/export
of table data.