MyJSQLView Version 3.23 Released

The MyJSQLView project is pleased to provide the release of Version
3.23 to the public. The release marks the addition of support for
the SQLite database. New to this release of MyJSQLView is also the
support for in memory databases that is featured for both the SQLite
and HSQL databases. What this means is data sets can not be imported
into a table and MyJSQLView should be able to perform quicker searches
and sorts of the in memory data. The group has also abandoned the
practice of not including some of the open source plugins for the
application that it produces. The last release of the application
did not include the TableFieldProfiler plugin with MyJSQLView and
as a result the downloads of that plugin amounted to less then
5% of the total MyJSQLView downloads. The group thought users were
really missing out on a valuable tool which had been expanded and
included internationalization. So the TableFieldProfiler is now
included with the standard MyJSQLView download.

This release of MyJSQLView has also enhanced the plugin architecture
by letting users manually load plugins from alternative directories
than the default lib/plugins directory. You will find access to
the Plugin Management Tool in the top main tab menu for the application.
Speaking of plugins, developers will now find the Plugin Basics Tutorial
has been updated and an advanced one has also been created under
the documentation of the web site.

Since this is a release that supports a new database make sure and
check out the additional entries that been given for the connection
parameters in the example reference myjsqlview.xml file. We would
also like to let you know that a new database is available at the
web site for the US Congress. The data set is of the legislative
branches' representatives, courtesy of Sunlight Labs.

Dana M. Proctor
MyJSQLView Project Manager

MyJSQLView provides an easy to use Java based user interface
frontend for viewing, adding, editing, or deleting entries in
the HSQL, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, and SQLite databases. A
query frame allows the building of complex SELECT SQL statements.
The application allows easy sorting, searching, and import/export
of table data.