MyJSQLView Version 3.22 Released

The MyJSQLView project is pleased to provide the release of
Version 3.22 to the public. The release marks the completion of
the architecture for a modular plugin framework with a threaded
loader. Consideration was given to be able to dynamically load
plugin modules once the application was running, but was put
off till a future release. Ideally one would be able to use
the preferences panel to view loaded plugins and load one
either locally or one located from a network source, including
the Internet. New to the v3.22 release is the ability to 
generate a PDF document of the summary table data. The code
has also undergone a major rebuild to bring the application
into compliance with the Java 1.5 API. The program will now
need to be run on a platform that has at least the JRE
5.0.

A note to users that the MyJSQLView application will now no
longer come with any plugin modules. For the past two releases
the Table Field Profiler was included as part of the download,
but users will now need to download that plugin and others
separately. The good news is the project has been able to fully
expand the Table Field Profiler module to include a table field
analysis panel. Please see the Plugins section of the MyJSQLView's
Web Page to gain access to the module.

Either in the last release or the prior one a change took
place in the way that data from the database's tables was
loaded into the application's summary tables. A decision was
made to exclude TEXT field's data in the summary table. The
decision was made to insure network performance was not
compromised. After using the application over the last few
months I really miss seeing the content of those fields in
the summary table. Perhaps that decision needs to be rescinded
or modified to allow user control. If you or group have
comments on this or any other aspect of the program's
functionality please let us know.

Dana M. Proctor
MyJSQLView Project Manager

MyJSQLView provides an easy to use Java based user interface
frontend for viewing, adding, editing, or deleting entries in
the HSQL, MySQL, Oracle, and PostgreSQL databases. A query
frame allows the building of complex SELECT SQL statements.
The application allows easy sorting, searching, and import/export
of table data.