MyJSQLView Version 3.31 Released

The MyJSQLView project is pleased to release v3.31 to the public. The
release marks the support for the HyperSQL 2 and MSAccess databases.
Included with this update is several corrections for bugs involved with
the import of large SQL dumps and table definition generation for unique
keys. A multi-language PDF export inclusion is now implemented via
unicode embedded fonts.

Another aspect of the v3.31 release is the expansion of the capabilities
of the Query Frame. Over the years the Query Frame in the MyJSQLView
application as been some what limited to only SELECT SQL statements.
These statements were normally retrieved into temporary tables that
then could be used to build compound results. Much internal debate as
been contemplated on even allowing a direct statement generation tool
such as this in the application. After all MyJSQLView is all about data
manipulation not managing the database. Most other tools in MyJSQLView's
league has to do with database management and use direct query input.

In this last development cycle the project decided to make a final chose
on the fate of the Query Frame. Either it would be terminated or have
its capabilities expanded. In the end it came down to wishing to give
more power to the users rather than less. So in that regard the HSQL
Swing Database Manager became the reference for duplication. Over the
years I as project manager have used several tools out there for accessing
databases and that one I found to be quite simple and versatile. The
source code for that tool was found to be not compatible for use with
MyJSQLView, but it designers provided a base foundation for their concepts
into the SQL Statement entry form that MyJSQLView now sports. 

Dana M. Proctor
MyJSQLView Project Manager
http://dandymadeproductions.com/projects/MyJSQLView/

MyJSQLView provides an easy to use Java based user interface frontend
for viewing, adding, editing, or deleting entries in the HSQL, MSAccess,
MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, and SQLite databases. A query frame allows
the building of complex SQL statements. The application allows easy
sorting, searching, and import/export of table data.