MyJSQLView Status Update

      MyJSQLView is now well into its Beta release and will move in the next
6 months to a production release. As of the last version most of the major
features of the application have been implemented. The last release did
though highlight the possible future direction of the application.
MyJSQLView was never created to be an administrative tool, but seems
there might be a demand for such. If such features are implemented into
the application then they will most likely be somewhat hidden or
incorporated into the UI somewhat discretely or an entirely separate
UI. The tool is really aimed for use by a desktop user or developer.
The last release provided the addition of the Connection Manager and
advanced login UI in the application for the access to connection
properties. These connection properties such as driver and port
theoretically should allow the access to databases other than MySQL.
The application really was though designed for the MySQL database,
and may not as a project support other databases if major redesign
is required. The future in the major databases in this project manager's
mind is going to be with MySQL and IBM's DB2. DB2 mainly because of its
established business base and security and MySQL's thoroughly trumpeting
the proprietor high cost solutions in terms of both software requirements
and software licensing.

      Presently the next release of MyJSQLView will mainly be a clean up of
code and bug fix, with some minor UI changes possibly. Currently three bugs
are outstanding with regard to import SQL data file size, export of blob data,
and the corruption of the configuration XML file in isolated cases. The FAQ
and forum provide information on how to fix the latter. Before MyJSQLView was
released to the public a general review of available open source software was
performed to understand the base toolset, features, and implementation of UI.
The project is again performing another review of this open software base,
in a more thorough documentary manner. 