MyJSQLView Development 2.93++ Update

The MyJSQLView application has been under going a graphical user
interface change over the last month or so and several development
releases have been posted for consumption. Much of the process has
resulted in no revealing visual changes from a user perspective,
but major modifications have been implemented that have tried to
make the application more user friendly and efficient for the 
consumer. In addition to these, GUI, changes several new features
have also been incorporated and are available with the development
version for download. One of these additional features is the ability
to search all database tables with one key phrase. A second new
feature is the ability to reload the database tables without
restarting the MyJSQLView application. Both of these new features
are available under the Tools menu. The process of making all these
alterations has made the project a little delinquent on the schedule
for this particular task allocation period, but hopefully things will
tighten up later. Remember a development release is not a stand
alone installation, and only has files that adds/replaces components
to a normal package release.

Other news to report is on the progress of plugins to the application.
Much of the next release, Phase III development, is focused on the
implementation of a general framework that will allow the MyJSQLView
application to add additional features through a plugin environment.
A review took place prior to work on the GUI, that researched several
tools that are similar to MyJSQLView. This review has pretty much
become a standard overt operation for the project and looks at areas
that may be incorporated into the application. In addition though
the review was also a preliminary look for the first plugin that may
be used in the new framework. Several open source tools have become
candidates for plugins with MyJSQLView and although they may not
become the first plugin with the project these particular tools are
in accord with the general endeavor that is envisioned.

One final comment to disseminate is the date of release for the next
major package. The task schedule has the 2.93++ release in early April
of next year. The main reason for this is the long duration of the
tasks associated with the first plugin to be incorporated with the
application. Consideration is being given for moving the project from
beta to a production release by the end of the year or January of
2009. If that occurs then the most likely result will be no initial
plugin being offered at that time.
    