MyJSQLView 3.06++ Development

The MyJSQLView next release candidate is beginning to gel around
a new task list that is being compiled. Normally after a release I
usually take about a month off to decompress from coding and then 
begin to indirectly form a strategy for implementing the next version
of MyJSQLView's objectives and needed enhancements. This time that
period has been a bit longer, almost two months, since some smaller
projects drew my attention away. One of those projects is still not
complete, but will be shortly so I have once again begun to focus on
what's next for the MyJSQLView project. High on the list will be
translations to other languages, internationalization, i18n, as it
is so called. There will also be an attempt to complete the plugin
environment and update the existing Table Field Charts plugin to
correct some anomalies. The Table Field Charts tab was the result
of scavenging a project over at Sourceforge called Data Profiler.
A review will probably take place to see if any other aspects of
that project can be incorporated into MyJSQLView. Another open
source project has also sparked my interest so that code may also
end up as a plugin in MyJSQLView for the next release. A bug has
been reported with the XML configuration loading with Vista and
Windows7, but since the project does not have access to those
operating systems, then it may not be fixed in the next release.
At this time only about 10% of the downloads appear to come from
those operating systems. 57% is XP and the rest Linux, well Mac
about 3% so until greater detail is obtained about the loading error,
corrections are just not going to occur. There are a few other areas
that need attention so they are going to be added to the task list,
but quite frankly I envision the next release of the program to be
rather ordinary. What will not be ordinary about the next release
will be a new tool that will be offered that will work in conjunction
with MyJSQLView to provide some more visual aspects of database
monitoring. 

Dana M. Proctor
MyJSQLView Project Manager 