MyJSQLView Version 3.06 Released

The MyJSQLView project is pleased to provide the release of Version 
3.06 to the public. The release marks the inclusion of the first
initial plugin module for the application. The plugin is called
Table Field Charts and derives from an open source GNU project that
was active at Sourceforge under the name DataProfiler. The DataProfiler,
by Arrah Technology, does not appear to have any files to download
now, but was a sort of data analysis tool that connected to various
databases. The Table Field Charts module encompasses aspects of the
DataProfiler that gave general information for a database's table
fields. The information is presented in the form of graphic charts,
pie & bar, for the field's record count, distribution, and patterns.
Though the basic outline of the code, four classes, used from the
DataProfiler is intact I'm afraid major refactoring, code cleanup,
and feature additions as all but annihilated most of the source.
New to the charts is the ability to scale and colorize all parameters.

The MyJSQLView project has just about arrived at the point with the
plugin architecture that various projects such as the DataProfiler
will begin to become targets for what I call SUCK UP. Over the past
several years the project has been identifying and evaluating open
source tools that are in alignment with MyJSQLView's goals. Gradually
with the plugin architecture the plan will be to provide the ability
for this project and others to SUCK UP other tools various features
and incorporate them into MyJSQLView. The key focus for this group
will be tools that provide data analysis, and business intelligence
abilities. The Table Field Charts is not a true plugin yet, but did
provide the basis for testing the process of implementing a separate
plugin thread to be run within the program.

Dana M. Proctor
MyJSQLView Project Manager 

MyJSQLView provides an easy to use Java based interface for viewing,
adding, editing, or deleting entries in the HSQL, MySQL, Oracle, and
PostgreSQL databases. A query frame allows the building of complex
SELECT SQL statements. The application allows easy sorting, searching,
and import/export of table data.